So how was that exercise?
It's good,
we got stuff going to the screen?
All right, I'm gonna take you
through what I do in this case.
So I have my document snapshot being
passed in every time it's being
mapped over.
So I can do something
like a D structure and
call docsnapshots.data.
And what are we getting out of that?
I need to get the uid,
the typo of Fist which should be first.
So I could say uid, first, last, so first,
last, highscore, city, highscore and city.
And from here I want to also get,
actually do I want the ID?
No, I have everything I need except for
fromCache.
So if I wanna see if it's from the cache,
I can say docSnapshot.metadata.
And this right here will tell
me if it was from cache.
Let's see here.
I usually use TypeScript, so I get really
scared when things don't give me types,
but this is just in the JavaScript world.
So from here, I can return uid, last,
first, highscore, city, fromCache.
So now when I save, Refresh, look at that.
Now, this all says false from cache and
no matter what I do,
it says true now, I think it's because I,
let me make sure so I don't.
Did I do this, yes, I enabled persistence.
I didn't need to have it enabled for
this demo, so let me comment that out.
No matter what I do, when I refresh,
it's gonna say false.
And it's because I don't have any
offline persistence being enabled.
And just as we saw here,
I have this enable offline section,
which you can take a look into,
which is just sort of like our initialized
app just with better structure to it.
And I call enable multitab persistence,
pass in firestore.
And from there,
I have offline tab persistence.
And then now when I refresh, true.
So it's only syncing changes that happen
behind the scenes from the server.
It's not doing new reads every single
time, it's only getting the updates.
And so the cache is really good for
knowing that.
And if I even did has pending rights,
we could see from there.
Let's see if I wanted
to just do console.log,
let's just do all of docsnapshot.metadata.
Save, let's open this up.
And we can see that all across
the board has pending writes is
false because we're not doing anything.
So that is how we we read
data from a real-time stream.
But we also can take other bits of
the document snapshot to surface more of
a functional and usable object for
our interface to be able to do things on.
And so this is sort of the basis of what
we're gonna be doing throughout the next
sections.
Because all we've done right now as
we've said, get me data at a collection.
And what we can see though is that
this user's collection, it is big.
I scroll through, I think it's 250 users.
And this expenses,
I believe it's 2,500 maybe,
depending on how I loaded in,
5,000 expenses.
Probably don't wanna be reading all
these back to the client in real time.
So what we're gonna be doing when we get
back is we're gonna be talking about
querying in Firestore.
And we're gonna take a look at
things like simple queries, or
just doing simple limits and simple ways.
And we're even gonna be
doing more complex things.
And we're gonna be doing a lot of
comparisons to how that works in the SQL
world versus the NoSQL world.